1. 2 types of GIT -
	a. Centralized version control system (CVCS).
	b. Distributed/Decentralized version control system (DVCS).

2. Centralized version control system (CVCS)
	a. Advantage
		i. central server to store all files
	b. Disadvantage
		i. single point of failure (at central server)

3. Distributed version control system (DVCS)
	a. Advantage
		i. unlike CVCS, no fear of center failing
		ii. Many operations can be performed Offline
		iii. Commit changes, create branches, view logs, etc. in Offline mode
		iv. Online mode is needed only to commit latest changes and checkout the new changes
		v. Chances of losing data is rare as there are multiple copies

4. Working directory - directory where files are checked out. In CVCS, commit is done directly to central repository. In DVCS, when
commit is done, GIT looks for file in "Staging area". Files present in Staging area are committed and not all modified files.

5. Git Repository <- (Git commit operation) <- Staging Area <- (Git add operation) <- Working Directory
=> make changes in working directory
=> add changes(specific or all changes) made in working directory to staging area
=> only those changes added in staging area can be committed to the Git repository

6. In GIT, files are not addressed by names. Everything is content-addressed

7. (commit1) <- (commit2) <- (commit3)
=> commits follow linked list structure. Each commit represents node of linked list

8. To view commit history, use parent pointer

9. If a commit has multiple parents, then it means that the earlier commits were 2 branches

10. Branch - used to work on a new feature. Once the new feature is completed, it is merged with main branch and then this branch is
deleted

11. A HEAD in a branch points to the latest commit in the branch. Whenever a commit is done, the HEAD points to the latest commit.
Head is stored in ".git/refs/heads" directory

12. Clone - check out the instance of the repository. It also checks the working directory

13. Pull - copy changes from remote repository to local

14. Push - copy changes from local to remote repository. Same as commit

15. Revision - version of source code. It is represented by commits

16. URL - location of Git repository

17.
